Kasumi, I am surprised you noticed about the Terms of Use.
Yes. I wondered if posting them on social media
without permission would be appropriate,
even though they are free materials.
Caution is essential.
In principle, it is necessary to obtain permission from the
copyright owner when using the copyrighted works of others,
such as illustrations, photographs, and music.
On the other hand, many creators want their works to be used
by more people,
and there are an increasing number of cases where their works
are made available to the public for free or inexpensively.
Most of these works are permitted for use while the copyright
owner retains the copyright.
Websites that make such works available to the public include
terms of use and precautions.
It would be best to read through them before using copyrighted
works to ensure there are no problems with your usage.
If you look at the website Aoi will use this time, you will find
a description in the “Terms of Use” section.
According to that, you may be charged depending on
how you use it. Please check it carefully.
I thought free materials meant free copyrights,
free costs, and no restrictions...no?
Do you charge an admission fee for this band club concert?
If so, posters promoting it would also be considered
“commercial use,” so we need to check from that perspective.
I see. Even though it’s free material, it’s not easy to use.
It’s hard to find them because each site seems to have
a different place where they have them.
Many websites for this kind of material describe it in
an easy-to-understand manner.
I’m sure creators who have published their works will feel happy
to have them used like Aoi has done this time.
I hope so!
There are various ways for copyright owners to express their
intentions regarding using copyrighted works, in addition to
terms of use such as this one.
For example, game producers provide guidelines for using
“gameplay footage,” which has become a common sight.
In addition, copyright owners can use already proposed rules,
such as the Creative Commons license or the “Free Use Mark”
established by the Agency for Cultural Affairs in 2003,
without having to create individual terms and guidelines for
each copyright owner.
In computer software, various types of licenses have been proposed and used by software copyright owners,
such as the BSD license, the MIT license, and the GPL.
Each of these licenses is proposed with a different philosophy
and has differences.
It is interesting to examine them in detail if you are interested.
In any case, the copyright owner is providing you with
copyrighted works they have spent time and money creating.
Please comply with the terms of use and licenses and use
the copyrighted works with gratitude.
Yes. I should at least get into the habit of reading
the Terms of Use first!
I understand.